Virtualization docs fixes during ROSA review (#69051)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-restarting-vm-web.adoc

* To stay on this page, where you can perform actions on multiple virtual machines:

> .. Click the Options menu {kebab} located at the far right end of the row and click *Resume VirtualMachine*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Click the Options menu {kebab} located at the far right end of the row and click *Restart*.
```

Author: @ousleyp For this one, I no longer see **Resume VirtualMachine**. However, I see that **Restart** is grayed out. The user needs to click **Start**?? (This is a 4.14.16 cluster.)

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/25209155/9143a7dd-f2be-4a0f-981d-225d777a1705)

* To view comprehensive information about the selected virtual machine before
you restart it:

.. Access the *VirtualMachine details* page by clicking the name of the virtual
machine.

> .. Click *Actions* -> *Start*.

Reviewer: Are these changes correct/intentional?

Author: I'm going to say that it is. Perhaps you could have QE verify?

Reviewer: Some of it looks right (removing the confirmation window step) but I think there are some necessary changes. Please see https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/69051#pullrequestreview-1940555314 

and yes, QE is needed here too

> .. Click *Actions* -> *Start*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Click *Actions* -> *Restart*.
```

Author: @ousleyp For this one, I am seeing the **Restart** option grated-out. The user can only click **Start**. Is this a bug?? 

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/25209155/9046dd6c-e311-4af0-9213-78dfdc193ec2)

Reviewer: my other comment applies here too

Author: @ousleyp Thanks for verifying!
